README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Several changes in design, logic, readme, etc

README.md, after:

# FFW Star Wars Challenge 2023

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) which displays Star Wars character information in a visually appealing way.

Challenge description:

Please implement a Star Wars themed React App. The App should connect to https://swapi.dev/ and display the retrieved data. Axios (https://axios-http.com/docs/intro) would be a good choice for making the requests. Please do not invest more than 4-8 hours on this. Also, keep the design effort to a minimum and use a pragmatic approach to your app's design. If you need to cut anything from the implementation or make any assumptions due to time constraints, please make a note and let us know later when presenting your solution to us. Treat this as a showcase for your working style and as a chance to show off your skills as a developer. Of course you don’t have to overdo it. In the end, we know that you have to work on it next to your daily life. A simple solution is perfectly fine. Should you hit a roadblock don’t hesitate to ask us. Please commit your code to a public github repository and provide us with the link.

## Objective

The objective of this app is to fetch data from an API in order to display it. The application is responsive and visually appealing.

## Technologies Used

- Node.js (https://nodejs.org/en)
- Next.js (https://nextjs.org/)
- Axios (https://axios-http.com/)

## Usage

Use the filter input to display filtered "ID Cards" from the available ones.

## Deployment Link

https://starwars-ffw.netlify.app/

## Installation

To run this app on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Zemelka27/cicada-react-fe-challenge-2022.git`.
2. Change your current directory to the project directory using `starwars-ffw-next`.
3. Install dependencies by running `npm install`.
4. Run the app using `npm start`.
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!
